- Now there was another change in the Spring framework
that deals with XML configuration changes.
And if you're still using XML for configuration,
you're in luck, it's still supported in Spring 5,
but there have been a few changes
that streamline the versioning.
If you don't provide a versioning,
you're going to get the latest XSD resolved
and version-specific declarations are now validated
against the latest XSD and not necessarily
the version that's provided.
And that's a big change from how we traditionally did
namespaces in XML for Spring configuration.
Now no judgment here, but I wouldn't be doing you a service
if I didn't ask the question of why.
Why would you still be using XML at this point?
Java config has been out and vetted for quite awhile.
Component scanning has been out and vetted for quite awhile.
And with Spring Boot and auto-config
there's really no reason to be using XML,
especially for code that you're writing.
If you've got code still depending on XML,
now's the time to make the conversion.
You're going to be upgrading to Spring 5 or Spring 2.0,
get rid of the XML.
It's time.
Let's move to the modern age and let's go to Java config.